replace elastic reference with qdrant bm25 (#2639)
qdrant/landing_page: qdrant-landing/content/articles/sparse-vectors.md

The tokens aren't always words though, sometimes they can be sub-words: `['ch', 'ocolate']` too.

> They're pivotal in information retrieval, especially in ranking and search systems. BM25, a standard ranking function now natively available in Qdrant, exemplifies this. BM25 calculates the relevance of documents to a given search query. 

Reviewer: Just a smal suggestion to link to the BM25 docs and drop the "now":

```suggestion
They're pivotal in information retrieval, especially in ranking and search systems. [BM25](/documentation/search/text-search/full-text-search/#bm25), a standard ranking function natively available in Qdrant, exemplifies this. BM25 calculates the relevance of documents to a given search query. 
```
